[pickers] Update `closeOnSelect` and `actionBar.actions` default values (#15944)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-pickers-v7/migration-pickers-v7.md

- The button to render a single year is no longer wrapped in a `<div />`, the spacing are instead defined inside the `root` slot of the Year Calendar.

### Update default `closeOnSelect` and Action Bar `actions` values

The default value of the `closeOnSelect` prop has been updated to `false` for all Picker components with complex views.
Only `<DesktopDatePicker />` and `<DesktopDateRangePicker />` have `closeOnSelect` set to `true` by default.

> This change goes hand in hand with the change of the default `actions` prop value for the `<PickersActionBar />` component.

Author: ```suggestion
This change goes hand in hand with the new default `actions` prop value for the `<PickersActionBar />` component.
```

> The default value of the `actions` prop has been updated to `['cancel', 'accept']` for all Picker components with complex views, except for `<DesktopDatePicker />` and `<DesktopDateRangePicker />`.

Reviewer: I would remove the concept of "complex" value which is very subjectif and instead list the pickers.

Reviewer 2: Or use 'advanced'?

Reviewer: Same, what is an advanced picker?

Reviewer 2: Good question... 😅

Author: What do you think about simplifying to:
```suggestion
The default value of the `actions` prop has been updated to `['cancel', 'accept']` for all Picker components, except `<DesktopDatePicker />` and `<DesktopDateRangePicker />`.
```

> If the updated values do not fit your use case, you can override them.

Reviewer: A link on the doc that shows how to override can be a nice addition

Author: Added.

> If the updated values are not suitable for your use case, you can override them.

Author: ```suggestion
If the updated values do not fit your use case, you can override them.
```
